on the banknote depicted
Emperor Alexander the Third
25 rubles is quite a lot of money
at that time and since the edges are not every
the worker received such a salary for
whole month
in light industry
sometimes it was only
ruble
she is a family of three
that is, the money could be
which one
not the best of course good housing
I'll show you now
downside of a banknote
you see the inscription state
credit tickets
25 rubles
1 ruble is one fifteenth
imperial which contains 17 whole 424
thousands of them further pure gold
This inscription says that this
paper money could have been any
coins
no limit our mm
anywhere in the world and
it should be noted that before the war
circulation of such banknotes
was
what was
that is, each released to
more was
bank notes
in the fourth year of course I tried
rub pain
this banknotes were issued
0 contributed
withdraw it in the bill data prohibiting them
printed and the government
Kirensky
and
after
how the bolsheviks printed vivid
culture up until the twentieth year
turned out to be a battle and the Bolsheviks fought and
the United States by shareholders and rang out
astron
monuments
I am in Russia
psion ali ace pedestal head Harlow
we out of habit the idea of ​​authority there is small
population and money of their team
emperor laar practical
strange
Petersburg authorities and it was the emperor
Alexander the Third on a 50 ruble tsarist self
was Nikolay
first estimates and yanao 100 rubles and
Catherine she is 500 Kyoto pilot
spent on these cultures un will
will be presented on our march
video channel collector's world
subscribe to
other news on new updated
a business
on our channel you'll get up about what
Yes, I forgot to say how much it costs
given banknote
insofar as
pretty much let them let out
bases that have already been printed with
fourteenth to twentieth year
there are a few dollars vadim
of course if the bankrupt will
the price will be a trend much more expensive
if it be royal designs
printed in 1909 merchandise signatures of what
that
but rarity chf banknotes
bank notes
on their screens or look in
description of this video
I hope that you were interested in our
video review
start like this
on our channel
thank you for attention